RDoc-2950 Documentation for Single File Deployment (#1896)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/6.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/migration/server/data-migration.markdown

# Data Migration
---

{NOTE: }

* In this page:
  * [Replacing the binaries](../../migration/server/data-migration#replacing-the-binaries)
  * [Migration from RavenDB 5.x to 6.x](../../migration/server/data-migration#migration-from-ravendb-5.x-to-6.x)
  * [Migration from RavenDB 4.x to RavenDB 5.x and 6.x](../../migration/server/data-migration#migration-from-ravendb-4.x-to-ravendb-5.x-and-6.x)
  * [Migration from RavenDB 3.x](../../migration/server/data-migration#migration-from-ravendb-3.x)
  * [Migrating data into a sharded database](../../migration/server/data-migration#migrating-data-into-a-sharded-database)

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: Replacing the binaries}

* Starting with RavenDB `6.1`, the `.exe` files are self-contained,  
  bundling all necessary `.dll` files and dependencies into a single executable.

> * When migrating to `6.1`, ensure you **replace ALL** previous binaries with the updated `.exe` files:
>     * _Raven.Server.exe_
>     * _Raven.Debug.exe_
>     * _rvn.exe_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When migrating to `6.1`, ensure you first **remove ALL** previous binaries (DLL and EXE files) and add the `.exe` files from the update package:
    * _Raven.Server.exe_
    * _Raven.Debug.exe_
    * _rvn.exe_
```

Author: I will create a new PR with this fix for 6.2
